hi I'm Greg Hackney and I want to talk
to you a little bit of day by one of my
new favorite techniques and that's a
football jig you know over the last
couple years of football jig has won
millions and millions of dollars on the
tournament trail and for me personally I
despise a Carolina rig I am a jig
fisherman at heart and so what the
football jig does for me I'm able to
fish structure deep structure but I'm
able to fish it with the bait that I
have the utmost confidence in and
catching quality fish this is the new
Strike King pure grade football jig
which is my favorite this is my favorite
color favorite trailer so Strike King
rage craw about the only time I don't
use the regular rage craw if we go to
Lake like Falcon amistad Clear Lake a
place that has giant fish I'll actually
upgrade to the lobster big profile you
know a lot of people believe that you
know the rage craw has too much action
for a you know for a football jig
because this is supposed to be a subtle
technique but to deal with it is I put
the action in it you know these legs
don't work unless you put you know pull
it through the water so what I like
about it is I can move this jig
extremely slow and I want to find every
bit of cover
you know if I'm fishing a gravel flat I
want that jig to hit every rock and
because the rage craw works so easily
even at a slow rate of speed I get a
little kick just a little bit I want a
real natural action if you've ever
watched a crawfish crawl around on the
bottom he he has movement so I want
something to give that movement where if
I just put you know trailer with no you
know no action on there you know it
basically doesn't look like anything and
what the rage Carl does when I move it
extremely slow it doesn't move very much
but the instant eye contact with a rock
you know gives a little action which a
lot of times I may not be dragging
exactly by the fish so I need a little
action you know to draw him over there
the I like the big profile slow-moving
bait you know another thing about the
term great football jig is it has a five
all light wire hook I know you think in
big fish light wire hook but to deal
with the football jig is this is not a
flipping jig you know I'm not fishing
ten foot or fifteen or twenty foot from
me you know where I'm using an extremely
big rod
I'm actually using my 72 cinco rod a
tradition you know quantum signatures
rod and I it's it's one of the
techniques I designed that rod for you
know I of course yeah a strike king zero
or shimmy stick is the was the main deal
for the rod but it's the perfect
football jig rod and the deal is you're
throwing this football jig a long ways
you know you're not setting on top of
the cover with it and so the deal is
that light wire hook sticks real easy
and you know the deal is I'm you know
I'm fishing 12 to 17 pound fluorocarbon
Cajun fluorocarbon I make an extremely
long cast and I want a jig it hooks up
real easy
I'm not reeling down a slack line in
this hook set you know when I feel that
jig if when I feel that fish hit that
jig I'm reeling down and loading hard
you know I just and I'm loading as hard
as I can but I have all the slack out of
line and what I'm actually doing is
pulling that hook so you want that light
wire hook so it penetrates you know on a
50 or 60 yard cast you know when you're
covering that flat cover or covering all
of the rock pile but that's it
you